feat(TestModels): LanguageSpecificLogic (#308)
awslabs/smithy-dafny: TestModels/LanguageSpecificLogic/README.md

# LanguageSpecificLogic

This project demonstrates generating target-language-specific code from Dafny.

> This allows developers to write Dafny code that is only generated and run for a particular target language.
> This allows developers to increase the amount of language-specific code that is verified by Dafny.

Reviewer: Nit: re-phrase to avoid repetition 
```suggestion
This allows developers to write and **verify** Dafny code 
that is only generated and run 
for a particular target language.
```
